## Java Strings, Methods, and Modularization Quiz

**1.** Which of the following correctly declares a String in Java?
A. `String name = John;`
B. `string name = "John";`
C. `String name = "John";`
D. `String = "John";`
**Answer:** C

**2.** What will be the output of the following code?

```java
String word = "Java";
System.out.println(word.length());
```

A. `3`
B. `4`
C. `5`
D. `0`
**Answer:** B


**3.** Which String method is used to compare two strings for equality (case-sensitive)?
A. `compare()`
B. `equals()`
C. `==`
D. `equalsIgnoreCase()`
**Answer:** B


**4.** In Java, what does the following expression return?

```java
"Hello World".substring(0, 5)
```

A. `"Hello "`
B. `"Hello"`
C. `"World"`
D. `"Hell"`
**Answer:** B

**5.** Which of the following is the correct method header for a method that takes no parameters and returns nothing?
A. `void methodName()`
B. `methodName()`
C. `public void methodName()`
D. Both A and C
**Answer:** D

**6.** What is **method overloading** in Java?
A. Having multiple methods with the same name but different return types
B. Having multiple methods with the same name but different parameter lists
C. Having multiple methods with the same body
D. Calling one method from inside another
**Answer:** B


**7.** In Java modularization, why is it a good practice to separate your code into multiple classes?
A. To make the code more confusing
B. To make debugging and maintenance easier
C. To make the program run faster
D. To reduce the file size
**Answer:** B


**8.** If you want to use a method from another class in Java, what must you do?
A. Rewrite the method in your current class
B. Import the class or create an object of that class
C. Copy-paste the code into your file
D. Use the `static` keyword on all methods
**Answer:** B


**9.** In modular programming, the file that contains the `main` method is typically responsible for:
A. Declaring all methods and variables in the project
B. Coordinating and calling methods from other classes
C. Storing only String constants
D. Running without any imports
**Answer:** B


**10.** What will this code output?

```java
public static void greet(String name) {
    System.out.println("Hello, " + name + "!");
}

public static void main(String[] args) {
    greet("Rogie");
}
```

A. `Hello, name!`
B. `Hello, Rogie!`
C. `Hello, null!`
D. `name`
**Answer:** B


